### Example text (taken from http://www.grammar-quizzes.com/):

> My family enjoys scuba-diving. On nearly every school vacation, we go on a diving trip. We have noticed that there are three completely different kinds of divers. We call them the "nature lovers", the "pool guys", and the "seals". The people whom we call "nature lovers" enjoy getting in the water for a short swim to look at the rocks, seaweed, and underwater creatures that are swimming around. The "pool guys", who wear the latest hi-tech equipment, come for a short while to have a swim and test how good their equipment is. The "seals", who wear only their swimsuits, dive in the water and disappear for what seems like hours. Each of these divers enjoy the ocean in a different way.

> The "nature lovers" are the ones who enjoy snorkeling around for brief periods of time. They always try to have a minimal impact on the environment. For example, their trash, or garbage, is always taken out. Removing rocks and shells are something they would never do. They are there to see, not spoil, the beauty of nature that is underwater.

> The "pool guys" are the divers who want to go to the beach, or ocean, without ever actually leaving their backyard. They come in sport utility vehicles (SUVs), carrying heavy-duty wet suits, and the latest in diving masks, fins, and air tanks. They are the ones who are so covered with equipment they can hardly see, feel, or touch the underwater environment.  Comparing air tanks and wet suits are what they do most.

> The "seals" are the divers who act as if they are returning back to their natural habitat. Perhaps in a "previous life", they were actually seals. Diving into the water, they hardly make a splash. As soon as they are in the water, they start poking around looking for crabs, abalone, and other fish. The "seals" are the people who cook on the beach. They are also the ones, who leave the biggest mess. However, since they use beach wood for their fires and eat what they catch in the ocean, they leave no paper or plastic packaging behind.

> My family is a combination of all three types. All my brother wants to do is try out different kinds of equipment and see how deep he can dive. As for my father, he is a "seal"; swimming around and cooking his 'catch' is what he enjoys most. My mother and I are "nature lovers"; swimming with snorkels and fins is fun, but neither of us have any interest in diving fifty feet down or reaching under a rock to find a slimy abalone. We all enjoy our diving trips, but in our own way.

